Let us look at bitwise operations.
I have one variable x in that I will take value 11 and y, I will take value five and also z.
Let us say Z, assign x and y.
So an operation is performed on the values of X and Y and the result is A stored in Z.
So let us display the value of Z and L, let me run this and see what the result will be.
Like I have already discussed, the result will be one.
So that's it.
How the bitwise operations are performed already have shown you.
Let us take the y value chain, the y value to seven and see what the result will be.
Yes, we are getting the value three and we have already seen on board.
Now instead of an operation, I'll show our operation.
Let's see what the result we get.
Yeah.
We got the 15 all become one.
11 is 1011 and seven is 111.
So when our operations perform, all the bits becomes one and the result is 50.
Let me show you XOR.
This is XOR operation.
Let us check the value.
Now this is true.
So we have seen and or and XOR operations.
Now let us take a character type variable.
I'll remove this.
Let us take a character type variable X with value five and also Y.
Then let us say why assign that x left shift by one and let us display the value of y and L trying to
display it as character.
So I will just typecast it as integer and see what is the output the values will be.
The bits are shifted on the left hand side and the number gets double that.
It is becoming ten.
Now if I have the value 20 here and if I right shift them by one, let us see what is the result.
The number will get divided by two and the result is ten.
If I left shift, then the number will get multiplied by two and the result will be 40.
Yes.
This is 40.
Now, let us look at the last bitwise operation.
That is not.
If I have.
X is equal to five.
And if I say not of x, then as I have already discussed on board and show you the value that it will
be minus six.
Yes, we got down to minus six.
However, you are getting this answer already I have discussed on board.